welcome back to tropix weekly the ABA
has announced that the top four teams
will merge with the NBA after this
season seizing the opportunity owner
player coach Jackie moon has already
made the first move acquiring ed monix
from the Kentucky Colonels yeah I'm a
pretty aggressive owner uh when I heard
Kentucky needed a washing machine I
looked at ours even though we need ours
uh I said I got to pull the trigger on
this hey honey propria get you that
trailer Flynn yeah my next do you think
of this trick why the hell would he want
to come the Flynn yeah I would have kept
the wash I have no idea who cares right
i mean with the way plays in it he's got
an NBA ring and he's playing for the
tropics can you no I can't well he said
on the bass right yeah it's like you
watch a porn movie doesn't mean you got
laid no no in fact it often means the
opposite hey hey you look great why are
you here Oh got trade yeah yeah I mean
why are you here can we talk monix hey
Oh what's up there I'll jump shouting
yours ain't broke yet is it not yet oh
oh hey great back to her cut for the way
up against the amigos last Friday night
man yeah that's why basketball should be
played up there just slow hey can you
give us a second yeah no problem thanks
Kyle
you're his favorite player I'd feel more
comfortable if he hated me listen I'll
be didn't agree of this trade because of
me what if I did then you'd be stuck in
Flint Michigan for no reason no you said
you wanted to leave basketball at the
top of your game when are you gonna quit
I'm at the top of my game I'm very close
to the top I just got traded for a
fucking washing machine what am I
talking about can I did
thanks for the pep talk
sound everybody look what's going down
stop hey what's that sound everybody
look what's going to stop